Think—think outside the box.
Be someone who talks.
Don’t waste away behind that tiny screen
’Cause you know
that there’s much more to life
Than friend requests and likes.
Think of all the things we haven’t seen.
Well, you—
You’ll never see them
if you’re focused on the superficial.
You need real friends,
if you know what I mean.
Look at me.
Can you see
What I see?
Around the world, this happy family.
Look at me.
Do you know
What I know?
That you belong.
Put down the phone, and look at me.
Take—take the time to see.
See what others see.
Don’t trade that plastic box
for all your friends.
You can make friends you know are true,
Who love Jehovah too,
Who’ll stand right
by your side until the end.
But, you—
You’ll never meet them
if you’re focused on the superficial.
You need real friends,
if you know what I mean.
Look at me.
Can you see
What I see?
Around the world, this happy family.
Look at me.
Do you know
What I know?
That you belong.
Put down the phone, and look at me.
Don’t let it play you for a fool.
What you’re getting
could be fact or could be fiction.
Life in the cloud can be so cruel.
Why don’t you come back down to earth,
converse, and reverse the addiction?
Put—put down your device
’Cause if you don’t think twice,
The best in life will surely pass you by.
Look, listen, taste, and touch—
The things we love so much
Have been here all along.
All you need to do is
Realize what’s in your hand
is only superficial.
You’ve got real friends,
if you know what I mean.
Look at me.
Can you see
What I see?
Around the world, this happy family.
Look at me.
Do you know
What I know?
That you belong.
Put down the phone, and look at me.
Can you see
What I see?
Around the world, this happy family.
Look at me.
Do you know
What I know?
That you belong.
Put down the phone, and look at me.